Let's write. 

I've been amazed at how much I've been able to accomplish since I've been staying off of FB. I haven't shut my account down and I did cross post a gym video I made on IG to FB, but as I said yesterday, I NEVER just sit and scroll my feed there anymore. Don't really know what's been going on with people there lately and don't really care. I do care about a few of my friends and family there. I'll probably check in with them from time to time but I've been so damn productive lately. I've contributed all 4 pull requests for Hacktoberfest and should be getting my shirt. Two of the pull requests were guide contributions for FreeCodeCamp, the first one was on Bootstrap Grid System and the second one, was on HTML A tags. I started this journal. I've been working on Basic JavaScript in FreeCodeCamp. I've written two blog entries. I got my own domain name set up on my blog. [FlattDev.com](http://flattdev.com) I finally took the books back to the damn library today. Cleaned up the kitchen. Did some laundry. Even took the damn dog outside to pee. And then not an hour later she snuck out in between my legs again and I had to chase her ass down. Again. Got caught up on one of my student loans. The other one with Great Lakes is in in-school deferrment till 2021. Quite proud of myself lately. Of course I went to the gym today and had a great day, finally got over 80 lbs on DB bench and did 200 on decline. Anyway, what to say, what to say. Foo Fighters were here in concert last night and I really wanted to go, but alas, broke as a joke. Perfect Circle will be here end of month and won't be able to see them either. Ridiculous. 

Really trying to work on getting myself organized, at home, with the kids, the house, school, web development learning and personal. Like I told the kids today, if we can get ourselves organized, it makes for a lot less stress. For example, there's absolutely no reason why those library books should have been so ridiculously late. They sent me a bill for like $123. Should be reduced to just late fees now that the books are returned. Finished reading the War of Art the other day, I need to download next one on my list. 

Tomorrow, I'm going to campus to take test #2 in statistics and that reminds me I need to set up an advising appointment so that I can register for classes at end of month. 


